www.adrianaguardansgodo.com
adriana@adrianaguardansgodo.com
Clarify your brand. Scale your startup.

PIXIESMITH

Brand research and insights

February 2025


Cormorant Garamond Bold for subtitles, 35 pt / 35 px
Avenir Book for body copy, 30 pt / 30 px. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diam nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut laoreet dolore magna aliquam erat volutpat. Ut wisi enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exerci tation ullamcorper suscipit lobortis nisl ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis autem vel eum iriure dolor in hendrerit in
Contents

Objectives
Audiences
Landscape
Competitors
Analysis
Annex

The opportunity
You are launching a niche, high-end fashion brand with a sleek, modern edge. 


So far, you have designed two collections with a bold, urban streetwear aesthetic. These will form part of an exclusive clothing line with a finite 78 tarot-inspired collections. 


Merging the symbolism behind tarot, a magnetic and surreal aesthetic, and a restorative business philosophy, you are now preparing for your brand launch and first collection drop: The Devil.


How do we bring your unique story to life to set your brand apart in a crowded market, build audience hype, and hit your business targets?


OBJECTIVES

You have clear short-term and long-term business objectives
1 | OBJECTIVES
Short-term goals
Long-term goals
Establish a clear brand identity that resonates and appeals to key audiences.
Create brand hype, developing compelling content to build an invested audience ahead of launch.
Launch your first collection in the summer, leveraging key communications channels to awareness and sales.
Achieve sales targets for first three drops, selling all inventory at full price  (Devil, Hermit, 3 Swords).
Grow your brand into a successful high-fashion business with a loyal customer base and engaged community.
Develop innovative content and activations, building engagement across marketing channels. 
Improve supply chain and production processes to become as sustainable as possible.
Continue designing and releasing capsule collection that align to your creative vision and values.
Promote a consciousness shift in the fashion industry aligned to your “Designed to Die” ethos. 
Be featured in fashion runways, worn by A-list celebrities, and featured in prominent publications.

These can be achieved through a phased communications plan…
1 | OBJECTIVES
Protect your brand
Leverage opportunities for growth and minimize reputational risks through a targeted PR strategy. 
					
				
			
		

Unlock your brand
Develop an enduring brand identity and brand strategy that aligns with your mission, values, and personality.

Build your brand
Craft intentional communications that resonate with audiences and achieved objectives.
Brand strategy
Brand narrative and messaging
Brand visual identity
Website
Communications strategy
Launch strategy
Social, events, media strategy…
Campaigns & activations
PR strategy
Fractional PR support
Content creation
Advisory

Influence audiences
Communicate through channels using tools
Newsletter
Website
Social Media
Advertising
🌐 
📧 
📱
📢
Direct channels
🏢 
Drive action
Get audiences to respond in ways that fulfil business objectives
Indirect
📰
🌟
Stakeholders
Media
Influencers
🤝
+
BUSINESS
👥
121
📆
Events
1 | OBJECTIVES
That leverages channels to influence audiences and achieve objectives
Audiences

Timeline
1 | OBJECTIVES
The Devil
The Hermit
3 words
Ongoing collection
Drop date
June/July 2025
Oct 2025
February 2026
TBC
Products
13 shirts
10 hoodies
7 sweatpants
10 shirts
10 sweaters
5 ponchos
T-shirt
T-shirt
Mantra
Know Thy Pattern
Know Thy Self 



Let Thy Heart Break
N/A

2. 	AUDIENCES

You are primarily targeting consumers…
2 | AUDIENCES
Target
Audience groups
Goals
B2C (direct)
Millennials
Gen Z
Get consumers to buy collection items, follow accounts, and engage with your content and activations.
B2C (indirect)
Influencers
Turn influencers into brand ambassadors and loyal consumers, tapping into existing communities and building brand credibility. 
B2B
Partners (e.g. Soho House partnerships manager, Lyle gallery owners, ROW DTLA, 
Establish collaborations and partnerships to gain brand exposure and credibility and drive sales. 

You primarily cater to Millennials, but Gen Z remains relevant.
2 | AUDIENCES
Millennials are major fashion spenders, prioritizing companies and products that they trust; that align to their values; and that cater to their individual needs and preferences. They are willing to pay a premium for quality products that offer a personalized or superior experience. 

Though younger and less likely to invest in luxury products, Gen Z is emerging as a formidable economic force, influencing family purchasing decisions and making independent choices as they gain financial independence. They are also trendsetters and cultural drivers shaping lifestyle trends that will ripple through older generations.


Your Millennial consumer is…
2 | AUDIENCES

Looking express and (re)define their identity
Looking for a sense of purpose and new ways to direct their life. 
Likely just broke from the “I need to work hard for a company to be successful” story. 
Conscious about materials and business practices. 
Interested in AI and beautiful visuals. 
Active on social media, often for inspiration and personal development. 
Interested in personal development & growth. 
Curious about mindfulness practices, but doesn’t necessarily identify as spiritual.
Makes $100k minimum. 
Uses Instagram, Pinterest, Tiktok as their preferred social platforms.



As adopters of new age trends, they are likely to be intrigued by tarot
2 | AUDIENCES
83% Millennials believe in astrology (compared to 62% of Gen Z respondents).1 
The mystical services market, which includes astrology, mediumship, tarot and palm readings, is estimated to be worth US$2.2 billion ($3.3 billion) globally, with an average growth of 0.5 per cent per year since 2017.2
Millennials embrace of astrology suggests a desire to find comfort and relief in today’s uncertain times, as well as an affinity for hyper personalization experiences that speak to their unique lives. As the generation that has most actively embraced discussing mental health, they will also resonate with the tarot as a vehicle for self-exploration. 
Takeaway

Gen Z are also increasingly receptive to tarot trends… 
2 | AUDIENCES

And are likely to be open to a narrative based on self-development
2 | AUDIENCES
Gen Z are witnessing the breakdown of ideologies that millennials and previous generations believed in (e.g. neoliberal capitalism or hustle culture). 
They are questioning how their values align into established, yet quickly evolving, economic structures and patterns (e.g. buying a house vs. travelling).
They are looking into self-knowing, self-care and self-understanding.
They looking for ways to make their life feel magical in an increasingly polarized and uncertain world.
Tarot concepts and rituals will resonate with Gen Z’s drive to challenge the status quo. The practice embodies an empowering ethos—encouraging individuals to trust their inner compass and stay true to their path, no matter the surrounding noise.
Takeaway

Overall, both generations want…
2 | AUDIENCES
To understand
To feel seen
Products that make them feel good
See annex for detailed audience analysis

2 | AUDIENCES
Aligning to key themes will help you resonate with consumers 
Authenticity
Community
Sustainability
Individuality
Convenience
Experience
“I want a product that expresses my individuality.”
“I gravitate towards transparent and genuine brands.”
“I prefer brands that are having a positive impact on the world.”
“I love brands that offer me an experience, rather than just selling me a product.”
“I am influenced by my peers and value feeling part of a community.”
“I buy on impulse and expect an integrated, seamless consumer experience.”
Theme
Mindset

2 | AUDIENCES
Influencers are an audience that can help you grow your business
Groups
Goals
To discuss
Hollywood network
Tarot influencers
Streetwear influencers
Artists

Tap into established communities to build brand awareness. 
Establish brand credibility through third-party endorsement.
Build product hype.
Drive online sales and community engagement.
Is there anyone from your network who could be tapped as a brand ambassador or advocate early on?
Are there any artists you are collaborating with, or planning to collaborate with? 
NB: These questions and considerations can be teased out in a tailored communications roadmap.

…and enable access to niche, loyal communities
2 | AUDIENCES
Streetwear influencers: 
@thesolesupplier @hidden.ny @basement approved @lilijupiter @baggysociety 

Tarot influencers:
@theliionessoracle @serpentfire @tatiannatarot @mariathearcane

Peers
@cyrusvessi @aaronidelson

+Conscious fashion influencer, Tik Tok creators, tastemakers…

Takeaways
You can reach consumers directly through engaging storytelling or indirectly through partnerships and collaborations that tap into existing communities and build your credibility. 

High-quality products, authentic communications, and personalized experiences will appeal to both Millenials and Gen Z.

Communications that resonate with their tastes, values, and digital habits can turn these generations from curious explorers to committed buyers. 





3. LANDSCAPE

Trend 1: Consumers are searching for spirituality beyond religion 
3 | LANDSCAPE
60% of Gen Z individuals are seeking spirituality outside of organized religion, with 87% emphasizing the importance of taking care of their soul.
Brands are introducing spiritually themed products, such as energy-amplifying scents and aura-elevating fragrances, to cater to the growing consumer interest in holistic well-being. 
Psychic readings has become a new trend amongst the elite. 
In 2018, the Pew Research Centre found that six in 10 Americans (both with religious affiliations and not) held at least one new age belief. 
Some explanations include the internet linking subcultures and individuals with unconventional perspectives, fashion brands showcasing their aesthetics more prominently, and the decline of Christianity and communal ties in the West.

Trend 2: Nostalgic and subculture styles are resurging
3 | LANDSCAPE
Fashion trends are cyclically embracing styles from past decades, with movements like indie sleaze and Y2K making a comeback.
2024 saw 10.4 million posts on Newstalgia—a new trend that blends the old with the new, taking historical references and giving them a modern twist (e.g. Zendaya stepping out in a new Louis Vuitton x Murakami bag, inspired by the original collab in 2003).
The luxury and streetwear markets are using emotional storytelling that draw from art (e.g. Outterspace HORSMAN HERITAGE collection, Kidsuper From a Place I’ve Never Been fusion of fashion and performance art, Off-White Spring/summer collection)
Integrating elements from past subcultures or nostalgic aesthetics can create a unique brand identity that appeals to consumers seeking authenticity and a connection to cultural history.

Trend 3: Sustainability has become an empty word
3 | LANDSCAPE
Non-toxic
Eco-friendly
Ethical
Free from harmful chemicals (e.g., parabens)
Natural, non-toxic, and safe ingredients
Sustainable packaging
Renewable sourcing
Natural formulations
Low-impact production

Ethically sourced, cruelty-free, and vegan ingredients

Sustainability is the standard, not the selling point and can mean everything from…

Trend 4: AI is ushering in a new era of brand and product discovery
3 | LANDSCAPE
Fashion shoppers are overwhelmed with choice, which negatively impacts their engagement and conversion rates with brands.  
50% of fashion executives see product discovery as the key use case for generative AI in 2025. 
82% of customers want AI to assist in reducing the time they spend researching what to buy. 
79% of customers say they would find it helpful for AI to understand their specific needs and recommend products. 
82% of customers say AI will help reduce their time spent researching what to buy. 
84%f organisations say hyper-personalised experiences across customer touchpoints are a priority for the next 12 months.
The social commerce market in the US and UK is expected to almost double by 2027. This is due to predictive algorithms, content tools, integrated shopping journeys.
		 	 	 		
			
				
					
						
					
				
			
		
Source: McKinsey & Company, The State of Fashion 2025.

Trend 5: Gender fluid, inclusive fashion is in
3 | LANDSCAPE
The Global Gender fluid clothing market size is projected to reach $7.16 billion by 2033 at a 10.2% CAGR from 2024 to 2033 (Business Research Insights)
There's a growing demand for fashion that transcends traditional gender norms, with consumers seeking inclusive and gender-neutral designs. This movement reflects a broader cultural shift towards acceptance and diversity.
Brands have normalized gender-fluid silhouettes, unisex fashion, and anti-binary luxury wear.
Gen Z luxury buyers particularly gravitate toward fluidity over rigid gender definitions, but they still want aspirational, high-end pieces.

Trend 5: We’re entering an era of hyper personalization

3. LANDSCAPE
The most innovative brands are incorporating personalized experiences ranging from bespoke products to targeted marketing and interactive touchpoints.
Consumers recognize when a brand delivers value by making things easier, faster, more economical, or more relevant.
Around half of Gen Zers and Millennials surveyed in a 2024 Deloitte study deemed personalized experiences very or extremely important—a sentiment that’s intensified since 2022.
Nearly 3 in 4 consumers were more likely to purchase from brands that deliver personalized experiences—and they spent 37% more with those brands. 
Niche brands that create exclusive, membership-like communities are building cult-like followings

Takeaways
1
2
3
4
5
6
Spirituality: Leverage the introspective, self-questioning concepts associated to tarot. 

Nostalgia: Own mysticism as a high-end subculture, positioning tarot-motifs as more than a fleeting theme.

Sustainability: Marry sustainability with your unique business philosophy and use clear proof points to avoid backlash.

Gender fluidity: Focus on archetypal power dressing rather than binaries.

AI: Build your AI stack, identifying relevant tech partners and infrastructure while ensuring content is optimised for AI search.
					
Hyper-personalization: Create a memorable experience that makes consumers feel special and fosters a deeper connection with you brand.  	


4.  	COMPETITORS 

You are stepping into a competitive fashion ecosystem…
4 | COMPETITORS
See detailed competitor analysis:
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1nsZPD6M-3KtF-erutbHWQjR9n6lTy9yq0K6wy6g19lk/edit?usp=sharing 

Filled with urban streetwear brands
4 | COMPETITORS

Luxury-streetwear collaborations have become the standard…
4 | COMPETITORS
Supreme x Louis Vuitton (2017)
Kith x Moncler (2017)
Undercover x Valentino (2019)
Stussy x Dior (2020)
Fear of God x Ermigildo Zegna (2020)
Jordan x Off White

And often reflect cultural trends
4 | COMPETITORS
Louis Vuitton x Takashi Murakami Re-Edition Collection
Bridges nostalgia for early-2000s pop culture with modern craft.
Brand Vision (January 2025)
Pharrell & Nigo x Louis Vuitton
Fuses tradition and innovation
Balenciaga x Underarmour
Merges runaway aesthetics with sports functionality
Willy Chavarrai x Kendrick Lamar
Released for Superbowl event, merging sports, fashion, and art culture.
H&M x Glenn Martens
Combines runway glamour and high-street affordability.

Engaging content is essential to build brand recognition and loyalty

4 | COMPETITORS

This can include playful humour…
4 | COMPETITORS

Weirdness…
4 | COMPETITORS

Relatable cultural references…

4 | COMPETITORS

Hype and community building…
4 | COMPETITORS

Compelling aesthetics and storytelling…
4 | COMPETITORS

Collaborations and third-party validation…
4 | COMPETITORS

Competitor communications provide insights into best practices
4 | COMPETITORS
Thrives on artistic storytelling and creative expression.
Appeals to youth with its vibrant and rebellious energy.
Dominates as a luxury-streetwear hybrid with high-fashion influence.
Caters to a niche audience seeking darker, avant-garde aesthetics.
Find a balance between playfulness and sleekness.
Bold, unexpected communication styles can drive engagement.
Consider a similar DTC model with a strong digital experience.
Community-building is key to brand loyalty.
Lean into storytelling, not just aesthetics.
Use art as a brand differentiator.
Leverage cultural moments and collaborations.
Scarcity and exclusivity can drive desirability.
Consider a more refined, philosophical approach to messaging.
Building a cult following is more valuable than mass appeal.
Focused on timeless, luxury streetwear with spiritual undertones.

While other brands can serve as inspiration 
4 | COMPETITORS
Environmental ethos | Business model | Repair programs 
Impact business model | DTC referral programs
Death messaging | Bold communications
Mystical collections | Aesthetic 
Punk luxury | | Designs infused with activism| Anti fast-fashion
Marketing strategies | Easter egg clues 

Takeaways
1
2
3
Unisex: Lines that defy traditional gender categories are increasingly appealing to consumers.

Exclusivity  Brands with a differentiated edge and a strong community make people feel like they are investing in more than fashion. 

AI: Leading brands are leveraging AI to support and streamline consumer discovery and brand storytelling. 

Subcultures: Brands build credibility through activations, collaborations, and partnerships that align with their heritage and subcultures. 


4

Takeaways
5
6
7
Personalization:aTailored online and in store experiences, as well as bespoke pieces, cater to consumers’ desire for individuality.

Sustainability: Highlighting environmental and social initiatives is a nice to have, but not an essential pull for fashion-first consumers

Values: Transparent communications and alignment with consumer values, preferences, and passions is key to build trust.

Storytelling: Emotional storytelling around a brand’s inspiration and vibe attract consumers who value expressing their authentic selves.



8

5. 	BRAND POSITIONING AND VALUE PROPOSITION

5 | BRAND POSITIONING AND VALUE PROPOSITION
There are several ways you can choose to position yourself 
Pixiesmith 
OPTION 1: Transformation
OPTION 2:  Magic
OPTION 3: Fearless

Feedback: Documents to review and discuss:
As you review, ask yourself: What framing resonates most with your brand ethos? What key words stand out and are most representative of how you want Pixiesmith to be perceived?
Brand positioning and value proposition: 
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E1J9mRTZ17prhE8p95MOzEfLde57iiHrTaIsm9Vp97E/edit?usp=sharing 
Your brand identity is a critical foundation to get right ahead of launch. As you review, consider what type of investment or changes you want to make in your visual identity and narrative positioning.
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Z_MoLGieiiGWnFFAgZLZNqoMQqFy4qmhvHxnJa9HL04/edit?usp=sharing 
5 | BRAND POSITIONING AND VALUE PROPOSITION
Brand audit


6. ANNEX

Audiences: Millenial and Gen Z overview 
6 | ANNEX
Aspect
Millennials
Gen Z
Age-range
28–43 (Born from 1981-1996)
12–27
Spending power
High; in peak earning year

Growing; influencers in families
Tech behavior
Early adopters; convenience-focused
Digital natives; social-commerce-driven
Brand loyalty
High if trust is established
Low; driven by value and alignment
Marketing channels
Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Tik Tok
TikTok, Instagram, YouTube
Purchase drivers
Social media, in-store sampling, curated exclusivity
Social media, affordability, interactivity

Millennials
Buy on their phones and in-store in near equal amounts, but almost never buys on their computer
Purchase decisions often based on in-store sampling or recommendations from trusted sources.
Interested in curated, exclusive collections that feel premium and personalized.
Tend to stick with tried-and-true products once they find what works. 
Gen Z
Influenced by reviews, influencer endorsements, and viral trends on social media.
Open to purchasing affordable and smaller-sized options (e.g., rollerballs, travel sprays) to explore new scents.
Enjoy gamified or interactive purchasing experiences, such as digital scent quizzes or AR tools.
Respond well to personalization and tailored offers. 
Appreciate relatable storytelling and transparency in advertising. 
Trust online reviews, peer recommendations, and expert opinions.
Shopping
Marketing
Are swayed by values-aligned marketing, tailored experiences, and accessible opportunities to tap into community. 
Are compelled by bright and irreverent packaging, as well as quirky messaging
6 | ANNEX
Audiences: Shopping and marketing preferences

Consumer patterns
73% of US Gen-Z consumers report changing spending habits because of increased prices. 
More than half of Gen-Z consumers are worried about their financial situation the year ahead. 
50% of US Gen Z consumers prefer to explore and shop new brands, often in pursuit of the latest trends. 
Experts see “Differentiation in business strategy through brand .positioning and product newness” as the single biggest opportunity for the fashion industry (13%) with “expanding use cases of AI and new features” the second greatest opportunity (9%).
Experts view “consumer confidence and appetite to spend” as one of the greatest global economy risks to growth in the fashion industry in 2025 (70%). 

6 | ANNEX
Source: McKinsey & Company, The State of Fashion 2025
Audiences: Fashion industry consumption trends

Social media
Instagram
TikTok
YouTube
Advisors
Influencer
Celebrities
Peers 
Community-oriented platforms
Online forums
Fragrance blogs
Ssocial media groups
Key sources of discovery and trust
How different age groups engage with content
6 | ANNEX
Audiences: Channels

www.adrianaguardansgodo.com
adriana@adrianaguardansgodo.com
THANK YOU
