@pixiesmithofficial
September 2024
A company designed to die

Major Arcans

The Devil Card (XV)
Symbolizes temptation, attachment, and control. The Devil card shows a horned figure with two chained individuals, representing materialism, bondage, or addiction. Symbolizes temptation, materialism, and bondage. Depicted with two chained individuals, the Devil represents addiction, attachment, and control. In readings, it warns of negative influences or being trapped in unhealthy situations.

UPRIGHT: Shadow self, attachment, addiction, restriction, sexuality.
REVERSED: Releasing limiting beliefs, exploring dark thoughts, detachment.
The Devil card shows Baphomet, or the Horned Goat of Mendes, a creature that is half man, half goat. Baphomet originally represented the balance between good and evil, male and female, and human and animal; however, more recently, this figure has been linked to the occult and has become a scapegoat for all things considered ‘evil’.
The Devil has the wings of a vampire bat, an animal that sucks the lifeblood out of its prey, symbolic of what happens when you give in to your raw desires. He has a hypnotic stare which ‘magnetizes’ and entrances those who come near him, bringing them under his power. Above him is an inverted pentagram – a sign of the darker side of magic and occultism. He raises his right hand in the Vulcan Salute – a Jewish blessing, later made famous by the film series, Star Trek. In his left hand, he holds a lit torch.
At the foot of The Devil stand a man and a woman, both naked and chained to the podium on which The Devil sits. They appear to be held here against their will – but look closer, and you will notice that the chains around their necks are loose and could be easily removed. Each has small horns on their head, like the devil’s, a sign that they are becoming increasingly like him the longer they stay here. Both have tails, a further symbol of their animalistic tendencies and raw instincts, and the grapes and the fire on their respective tails signify pleasure and lust.




The Hermit (IX): 
Symbolizes introspection, solitude, and inner guidance. The Hermit holds a lantern, representing the search for wisdom and spiritual enlightenment. In readings, it suggests self-reflection, meditation, and seeking inner truth.

UPRIGHT: Soul-searching, introspection, being alone, inner guidance.
REVERSED: Isolation, loneliness, withdrawal.

The Hermit stands alone on the top of a mountain. The snow-capped range symbolizes his spiritual mastery, growth, and accomplishment. He has chosen this path of self-discovery and, as a result, has reached a heightened state of awareness.
In his right hand, he holds a lantern with a six-pointed star inside; it is the Seal of Solomon, a symbol of wisdom. As The Hermit walks his path, the lamp lights his way – but it only illuminates his next few steps rather than the full journey. He must step forward to see where to go next, knowing that not everything will be revealed at once. In his left hand, the side of the subconscious mind, The Hermit holds a long staff (a sign of his power and authority), which he uses to guide and balance him.


The High Priestess (II): 
Represents intuition, mystery, and subconscious knowledge. Depicted between two pillars with a veil, she symbolizes hidden wisdom and secrets. In readings, the card advises trusting your intuition and exploring deeper truths.

UPRIGHT: Intuition, sacred knowledge, divine feminine, the subconscious mind.
REVERSED: Secrets, disconnected from intuition, withdrawal and silence.
The High Priestess card depicts a mystical figure seated before a veil adorned with pomegranates, symbolizing fertility and the divine feminine. She is flanked by two pillars, Boaz and Jachin, representing duality and the balance between opposites. The High Priestess wears a blue robe and a crown, holding a scroll labeled "TORA," suggesting hidden spiritual knowledge accessible only to the initiated. A crescent moon at her feet signifies her connection to intuition, the subconscious, and the natural cycles. This card embodies wisdom, mystery, and the need for inner reflection.

The Fool Card (0): 
Represents new beginnings, innocence, and potential. A young figure stands at the edge of a cliff, carrying a small bag, with a dog at their feet, symbolizing loyalty and protection. In readings, it signifies taking a leap of faith, spontaneity, and embracing the unknown.

UPRIGHT:
Beginnings, innocence, spontaneity, a free spirit.
REVERSED:
Holding back, recklessness, risk-taking.

The Fool card, numbered 0, symbolizes unlimited potential and the beginning of a journey. A young man stands at the edge of a cliff, gazing upwards, embodying innocence and new beginnings. He carries a small knapsack and a white rose, representing minimal needs and purity. A small white dog at his feet symbolizes loyalty and protection, encouraging him to move forward. The mountains in the background represent challenges ahead, but The Fool remains focused on his adventure, embodying spontaneity and the willingness to embrace the unknown.


The Magician Card (I): 
Symbolizes manifestation, willpower, and resourcefulness. The Magician stands before a table with symbols of the four elements (wand, cup, sword, pentacle), indicating mastery over these forces. In readings, it represents taking action, using skills effectively, and transforming visions into reality.

UPRIGHT: Manifestation, resourcefulness, power, inspired action.
REVERSED: Manipulation, poor planning, untapped talents.
The Magician card, numbered One, represents new beginnings and opportunities. He stands with one arm raised to the sky and the other pointing to the earth, symbolizing his role as a bridge between the spiritual and material worlds. The tools on his table—cup, pentacle, sword, and wand—represent the four elements, showing he has all he needs to manifest his desires. The infinity symbol above his head and the snake around his waist indicate unlimited potential, while the surrounding flowers symbolize the blossoming of his ideas.

The Empress (III): 
Symbolizes fertility, abundance, and nurturing. Often surrounded by a lush garden, she represents maternal energy, creativity, and growth. In readings, she suggests creation, nurturing, and connection to nature and one’s emotions. Treating yourself, connecting with your senses, creating beauty. Mother. Expression. 

UPRIGHT: Femininity, beauty, nature, nurturing, abundance.
REVERSED: Creative block, dependence on others.

The Empress is a beautiful, full-figured woman with blonde hair and a peaceful aura about her. On her head, she wears a crown of twelve stars, showing her connection with the mystical realm and the cycles of the natural world (the twelve months of the year and the twelve planets). Her robe is patterned with pomegranates, symbolic of fertility, and sits upon a luxurious array of cushions and flowing red velvet. One cushion features the symbol of Venus, the planet of love, creativity, fertility, beauty and grace – the essence of The Empress.
A beautiful, lush forest and winding stream surround The Empress, signifying her connection with Mother Earth and life itself. She draws her sense of peace from the trees and the water and is rejuvenated by the energy of nature. In the foreground, golden wheat springs from the soil, reflecting abundance from a recent harvest.


The Emperor (IV): 
Represents authority, structure, and control. Seated on a throne adorned with ram heads, he embodies leadership, stability, and order. In readings, he emphasizes discipline, rules, and establishing order. Stability, leadership,  power. The Father.

UPRIGHT: Authority, establishment, structure, a father figure.
REVERSED: Domination, excessive control, lack of discipline, inflexibility.
The Emperor card represents authority, power, and structure. Seated on a stone throne with rams' heads, he symbolizes connection to Aries and Mars. His red robe signifies power and passion, while his armor suggests protection and emotional detachment. The ankh in his right hand and orb in his left represent life and worldly rule. His white beard and crown reflect wisdom and authority. The mountain behind him symbolizes stability and resistance to change, while the river below hints at his hidden emotional depth.

The Hierophant (V): 
Symbolizes tradition, spiritual wisdom, and conformity. Depicted in religious attire between two pillars, the Hierophant represents institutions, beliefs, and conventional values. In readings, it can suggest following established norms or seeking spiritual guidance.

UPRIGHT: Spiritual wisdom, religious beliefs, conformity, tradition, institutions. Encouraging you to study, create a belief system. 
REVERSED: Personal beliefs, freedom, challenging the status quo.

The Hierophant, also known as the Pope or Teacher, represents spiritual authority and tradition. He sits between two pillars, signifying a sacred temple, and wears robes and a crown representing his rule over the conscious, subconscious, and super-conscious realms. Holding the Papal Cross, he blesses with a gesture that connects heaven and earth. Two followers kneel before him, indicating the transmission of spiritual wisdom and a rite of passage. The crossed keys at his feet symbolize the balance between conscious and subconscious minds and unlocking spiritual mysteries.

The Lovers (VI): 
Represents love, harmony, and choices. Shows a man and woman under an angel, symbolizing union, attraction, and duality. In readings, it often involves relationships, moral decisions, and personal values.

UPRIGHT: Love, harmony, relationships, values alignment, choices. Partnership. Lovey Dovey. Meaningful connection.
REVERSED: Self-love, disharmony, imbalance, misalignment of values.
The Lovers card depicts a naked man and woman blessed by the angel Raphael, symbolizing physical and emotional healing. They stand in a landscape reminiscent of the Garden of Eden, with an apple tree and a serpent behind the woman representing temptation, and a flaming tree behind the man representing passion. Their gazes—man to woman, woman to angel—illustrate the journey from physical desire to spiritual connection. A volcanic mountain in the background represents the intense passion and union between the two.

The Chariot (VII): 
Symbolizes determination, control, and victory. A figure rides a chariot pulled by two contrasting sphinxes, representing a balance of opposing forces. In readings, it indicates willpower, success, and overcoming obstacles.

UPRIGHT: Control, willpower, success, action, determination. Go go go, moving forward, traveling far, moving fast. 
REVERSED: Self-discipline, opposition, lack of direction.

The Chariot card features a warrior in a chariot, representing determination and control. Wearing armor adorned with symbols of spiritual transformation, he holds a wand instead of reins, indicating mastery through willpower and mind. The laurel and star crown symbolize victory and spiritual progress. Two opposing sphinxes pull the chariot, symbolizing duality and the need for balance. The flowing river behind suggests staying in harmony with life's rhythm while pursuing goals. This card emphasizes determination, action, and the ability to steer one's path through life's challenges.

Strength (VIII): 
Represents courage, influence, and inner strength. Depicted as a woman gently taming a lion, symbolizing the mastery of emotions and patience. In readings, it signifies resilience, confidence, and calm control over situations.

UPRIGHT: Strength, courage, persuasion, influence, compassion.
REVERSED: Inner strength, self-doubt, low energy, raw emotion.

In the Strength Tarot card, a woman gently strokes a lion on its forehead and jaw. Even though it is known for its ferociousness, the woman has tamed this wild beast with her calming, loving energy. The lion is a symbol of raw passions and desires, and in taming him, the woman shows that animal instinct and raw passion can be expressed in positive ways when inner strength and resilience are applied. She doesn’t use force or coercion; she channels her inner strength to subdue and subtly control the lion.
The woman wears a white robe, showing her purity of spirit, and a belt and crown of flowers that represent the fullest, most beautiful expression of nature. Over her head is the symbol of infinity, representing her infinite potential and wisdom.


Wheel of Fortune (X): 
Represents fate, cycles, and change. The wheel, with various symbols and figures, indicates the ups and downs of life and destiny's role. In readings, it often signifies a turning point, luck, or the cyclical nature of life.
UPRIGHT: Good luck, karma, life cycles, destiny, a turning point.
REVERSED: Bad luck, resistance to change, breaking cycles.
The Wheel of Fortune card depicts a large wheel with symbols and figures representing life's cyclical nature and changing fortunes. The wheel includes the Hebrew letters YHVH, representing the name of God, and the letters TORA, possibly referring to "law" or "Tarot." It features alchemical symbols signifying life's elements. Surrounding figures, such as a snake, Anubis, and a sphinx, symbolize opposing forces and knowledge. In the corners are winged creatures linked to zodiac signs, symbolizing stability amidst change. This card reflects fate, cycles, and the inevitability of change.

Justice (XI): 
Symbolizes fairness, truth, and law. Depicted holding scales and a sword, it represents balance, accountability, and ethical decisions. In readings, it focuses on justice, fairness, and the need for an impartial approach.

UPRIGHT: Justice, fairness, truth, cause and effect, law.
REVERSED: Unfairness, lack of accountability, dishonesty.

The figure of Justice sits in front of a loosely hung purple veil, signifying compassion, and between two pillars, similar to those framing The High Priestess and The Hierophant, which symbolize balance, law and structure.
She holds a sword in her right hand, showing the logical, well-ordered mindset necessary to dispense fair justice. The sword points upwards – expressing a firm and final decision – and the double-edged blade signifies that our actions always carry consequences. The scales in her left (intuitive) hand, show intuition must balance that logic and are a symbol of her impartiality. Justice wears a crown with a small square on it representing well-ordered thoughts, and a red robe with a green mantle. A little white shoe pops out from beneath her clothing as a reminder of the spiritual consequences of your actions.


The Hanged Man (XII): 
Represents surrender, sacrifice, and new perspectives. Depicted hanging upside down from a tree, the card suggests viewing situations from different angles. In readings, it indicates letting go, waiting, or seeing things differently.

UPRIGHT: Pause, surrender, letting go, new perspectives
REVERSED: Delays, resistance, stalling, indecision
The Hanged Man shows a man suspended from a T-shaped cross made of living wood. He is hanging upside-down, viewing the world from a completely different perspective, and his facial expression is calm and serene, suggesting that he is in this hanging position by his own choice. He has a halo around his head, symbolizing new insight, awareness and enlightenment. His right foot is bound to the tree, but his left foot remains free, bent at the knee and tucked in behind his right leg. His arms are bent, with hands held behind his back, forming an inverted triangle. The man is wearing red pants representing human passion and the physical body, and a blue vest for knowledge. The Hanged Man is the card of ultimate surrender, of being suspended in time and of martyrdom and sacrifice to the greater good.

Death (XIII): 
Symbolizes transformation, endings, and new beginnings. A skeletal figure on horseback, representing the inevitability of change and renewal. In readings, it often signifies the end of a phase and the start of something new.

UPRIGHT: Endings, change, transformation, transition.
REVERSED: Resistance to change, personal transformation, inner purging.
The Death card depicts a skeleton in black armor on a white horse, symbolizing the inevitability and impartiality of death, as well as strength and purity. The black flag with a white rose represents beauty, purification, and transformation, suggesting that death is about change and rebirth, not just an end. Figures pleading to be spared highlight death's inevitability. In the background, a boat and a setting sun symbolize the transition to the afterlife and the continuous cycle of endings and new beginnings.

Temperance (XIV): 
Represents balance, moderation, and harmony. An angel mixes liquid between two cups, symbolizing the blending of opposites. In readings, it encourages patience, balance, and finding the middle path.

UPRIGHT: Balance, moderation, patience, purpose.
REVERSED: Imbalance, excess, self-healing, re-alignment.
The Temperance card shows a large, winged angel who is both masculine and feminine. She wears a light blue robe with a triangle enclosed in a square on the front, representing that humans (the triangle) are bound by the Earth and natural law (square). The angel balances between one foot on the rocks, expressing the need to stay grounded, and one foot in the water, showing the need to be in flow. She pours water between two cups, symbolic of the flow and alchemy of life.
In the background, there is a winding path up to a mountain range, reflecting the journey through life. Above the mountains hovers a golden crown encased in a glowing light, a symbol of taking the Higher path and staying true to one’s life purpose and meaning.


The Tower (XVI): 
Represents sudden change, upheaval, and revelation. Lightning strikes a tower, indicating chaos, destruction, and breaking down old structures. In readings, it suggests unexpected events, breakdowns, or enlightenment.

UPRIGHT: Sudden change, upheaval, chaos, revelation, awakening.
REVERSED: Personal transformation, fear of change, averting disaster.

The Tower shows a tall tower perched on the top of a rocky mountain. Lightning strikes set the building alight, and two people leap from the windows, head first and arms outstretched. It is a scene of chaos and destruction.
The Tower itself is a solid structure, but because it has been built on shaky foundations, it only takes one bolt of lightning to bring it down. It represents ambitions and goals made on false premises.
The lightning represents a sudden surge of energy and insight that leads to a break-through or revelation. It enters via the top of the building and knocks off the crown, symbolizing energy flowing down from the Universe, through the crown chakra. The people are desperate to escape from the burning building, not knowing what awaits them as they fall. Around them are 22 flames, representing the 12 signs of the zodiac and 10 points of the Tree of Life, suggesting that even in times of disaster, there is always divine intervention.


The Star (XVII): 
Symbolizes hope, renewal, and inspiration. Depicted under a starry sky, pouring water, it represents healing, peace, and guidance. In readings, it offers optimism, spiritual guidance, and renewed faith.

UPRIGHT: Hope, faith, purpose, renewal, spirituality.
REVERSED: Lack of faith, despair, self-trust, disconnection.

The Star card shows a naked woman kneeling at the edge of a small pool. She holds two containers of water: one in her left hand (the subconscious) and one in her right (the conscious). She pours the water out to nourish the earth and to continue the cycle of fertility, represented by the lush greenery around her. The other container pours the water onto dry land in five rivulets, representing the five senses.
The woman has one foot on the ground, representing her practical abilities and good common sense, and the other foot in the water, representing her intuition and inner resources and listening to her inner voice. She is naked, representing her vulnerability and purity under the vastness of the starry night sky. Behind her shines one large star, representing her core essences, and seven smaller stars, representing the chakras.



The Moon (XVIII): 
Represents illusion, fear, and intuition. A path between two towers under a moonlit sky, symbolizing confusion, the subconscious, and hidden truths. In readings, it can indicate deception, imagination, or confronting fears.

UPRIGHT: Illusion, fear, anxiety, subconscious, intuition.
REVERSED: Release of fear, repressed emotion, inner confusion.

The Moon card shows a full moon in the night’s sky, positioned between two large towers. The Moon is a symbol of intuition, dreams, and the unconscious. Its light is dim compared to the sun, and only slightly illuminates the path to higher consciousness winding between the two towers.
In the foreground is a small pool, representing the watery, subconscious mind. A small crayfish crawls out of the pool, symbolizing the early stages of consciousness unfolding. A dog and a wolf stand in the grassy field, howling at the moon, representing both the tamed and the wild aspects of our minds.


The Sun (XIX): 
Symbolizes joy, success, and vitality. Depicts a child riding a horse under a bright sun, representing enlightenment, clarity, and growth. In readings, it suggests happiness, accomplishment, and positivity.

UPRIGHT: Positivity, fun, warmth, success, vitality.
REVERSED: Inner child, feeling down, overly optimistic.

The Sun Tarot card radiates with optimism and positivity. A large, bright sun shines in the sky, representing the source of all life on Earth. Underneath, four sunflowers grow tall above a brick wall, representing the four suits of the Minor Arcana and the four elements.
In the foreground, a young, naked child is sitting on top of a calm white horse. The child represents the joy of being connected with your inner spirit, and his nakedness is a sign he has nothing to hide and has all the innocence and purity of childhood. The white horse is also a sign of purity and strength.


Judgement (XX): 
Represents reflection, reckoning, and rebirth. Depicts figures rising from graves, indicating a call to account, renewal, and spiritual awakening. In readings, it focuses on making decisions, evaluating actions, and moving on.

UPRIGHT: Judgement, rebirth, inner calling, absolution.
REVERSED: Self-doubt, inner critic, ignoring the call.

The Judgement card shows naked men, women, and children rising from their graves, arms outspread and looking up into the sky. Above, Archangel Gabriel – the Messenger of God – blows his trumpet. The people respond to his call, ready to be judged and to find out if they will be accepted into the heavens or not. In the background is an extensive mountain range, signifying the insurmountable obstacles and the impossibility of avoiding judgement.

The World (XXI): 
Symbolizes completion, achievement, and fulfillment. A dancer within a wreath, representing wholeness, integration, and the end of a journey. In readings, it suggests completion, celebration, and achieving goals.

UPRIGHT: Completion, integration, accomplishment, travel
REVERSED: Seeking personal closure, short-cuts, delays

The World card features a naked woman dancing inside a laurel wreath, symbolizing completion and new beginnings. She holds two batons, linking to The Magician's manifestation and signaling the fulfillment of a cycle. Surrounding the wreath are four figures—a lion, bull, cherub, and eagle—representing the four fixed Zodiac signs, elements, Tarot suits, seasons, and compass points. These figures symbolize the cyclical nature of life and guide the transition between phases, promoting balance and harmony in one’s journey.

Minor Arcans

Wands
The Suit of Wands in Tarot symbolizes primal energy, creativity, ambition, and spirituality. Associated with the Fire element, it embodies passion, enthusiasm, and determination, reflecting both constructive and destructive potential. In readings, Wands cards reveal insights into your core self, including personality, ego, and personal energy. Negatively, they may indicate impulsiveness or a lack of direction. Wands often represent Fire signs (Leo, Sagittarius, Aries), characterized by energy, charisma, and warmth.

Ace of Wands (1): 
New beginnings in creativity or career. A hand holding a wand signifies potential, inspiration, and opportunity.

UPRIGHT: Inspiration, new opportunities, growth, potential
REVERSED: An emerging idea, lack of direction, distractions, delays

In the Ace of Wands, a hand holding a sprouting wand extends out from a cloud, as if to offer a new opportunity or idea with the potential to grow. The rich, verdant landscape is further confirmation of this growth capability. In the distance on the left sits a castle, representing the promise of opportunities to come, and hills and mountains line the horizon. Their rolling peaks remind us that there will always be challenges along the way, but they are surmountable with enough effort.



Two of Wands (2): 
Planning, decision-making. A figure holds a globe, suggesting contemplating future actions and long-term goals.

UPRIGHT: Future planning, progress, decisions, discovery
REVERSED: Personal goals, inner alignment, fear of unknown, lack of planning

The Two of Wands shows a man, dressed in a red robe and hat, holding a small globe. The world is literally in his hands, marking the enormous potential before him if he can expand his horizons accordingly. He stands within the confines of his castle, suggesting that while he is contemplating significant opportunities, the man has not yet left his comfort zone to pursue them; he is still very much in the planning phase. His hand rests on an upright wand, and a second wand is affixed to the castle’s wall, a further sign that he is still not ready to venture out. In the background, the land is fertile while also rocky, promising that he has a good chance for success, so long as he can overcome the challenges that will arise.


Three of Wands (3): 
Expansion, foresight. A figure looking at ships, symbolizing waiting for results or exploring new horizons.

UPRIGHT: Progress, expansion, foresight, overseas opportunities
REVERSED: Playing small, lack of foresight, unexpected delays

The Three of Wands depicts a man in red and green robes standing on a cliff with his back turned. Three wands stand firmly planted in the ground, reflecting his commitment to his plans. He has left the comfort of the castle in the Two of Wands and is now in a vast open space, looking out over the sea to distant mountains. He watches three sailing ships pass by, symbolic of movement and progression. From his high vantage point, he can see all that lies ahead, including any upcoming challenges and opportunities.

Four of Wands (4): 
Celebration, harmony. A scene of celebration under four wands, indicating joy, community, and success.

UPRIGHT: Celebration, joy, harmony, relaxation, homecoming
REVERSED: Personal celebration, inner harmony, conflict with others, transition.

The Four of Wands shows two happy people dancing and celebrating with flowers in their hands. In the foreground, a beautiful wreath abounding with blossoms and grapes suspends between wands. Together, these elements represent the joy and satisfaction that comes with achieving an important goal or milestone. In the background, another group of people (perhaps a family) stand in front of a large castle, representing the safety and comfort of the home.


Five of Wands (5): 
Conflict, competition. Five figures wielding wands in apparent disarray, suggesting struggles, disagreements, or challenges.

UPRIGHT: Conflict, disagreements, competition, tension, diversity
REVERSED: Inner conflict, conflict avoidance, tension release

In the Five of Wands, five men appear to be fighting each other, using their wands as weapons. However, on closer observation, their wands are raised but not striking or injuring anyone. It is as if there is no real purpose or outcome in this chaotic scene other than to create conflict and sow discord amongst the group. Each man wears a different outfit, symbolising their diverse backgrounds and belief systems, and suggesting that, because of their differences, they cannot find harmony and common ground with one another.


Six of Wands: 
Victory, recognition. A figure on horseback holding a wand with a laurel wreath, representing success and public acclaim.

UPRIGHT: Success, public recognition, progress, self-confidence
REVERSED: Private achievement, personal definition of success, fall from grace, egotism

The Six of Wands depicts a man wearing a victory wreath around his head and riding a decorated white horse through a crowd of cheering people. His horse represents strength, purity and the successful progression of an adventure, and the group of people marks the public recognition for the man’s achievements. The rider holds an upright wand with a wreath tied to the top, further emphasising success and achievement. He is not afraid to show off to others what he has accomplished in his life so far and, even better, the surrounding crowd is delighted to cheer him along.



Seven of Wands: 
Defense, perseverance. A figure standing on a hill, defending against attackers, suggesting standing ground and maintaining beliefs.

UPRIGHT: Challenge, competition, protection, perseverance
REVERSED: Exhaustion, giving up, overwhelmed

The Seven of Wands depicts a man on top of a hill, armed with a wand in each hand and fighting off six more wands drawing up from below. He seems to be defending his territory and his successes. Interestingly, the man is wearing two different shoes, suggesting that he may have been caught unaware or unprepared for battle, or he may be unclear of his own stance and opinion.


Eight of Wands: 
Rapid action, movement. Eight wands flying through the air, indicating swift action, progress, or news.

UPRIGHT: Movement, fast paced change, action, alignment, air travel
REVERSED: Delays, frustration, resisting change, internal alignment

The Eight of Wands shows eight sprouting wands sailing through the air at high speed. Their flight suggests change, movement and travel. The sky is clear and the beautiful river is flowing freely and giving life to the surrounding landscape.



Nine of Wands: 
Resilience, courage. A figure holding a wand, surrounded by eight others, symbolizing persistence and readiness for the last battle.

UPRIGHT: Resilience, courage, persistence, test of faith, boundaries
REVERSED: Inner resources, struggle, overwhelm, defensive, paranoia

The Nine of Wands shows an injured man, clutching a wand. He looks over his shoulder towards the eight wands that loom over him. He seems weary and worn, as though he has already been through a battle and now must face additional challenges with the presence of these eight wands. As a Nine, though, this is his final challenge before reaching his goal; he must endure this last test of his strength and character before reaching the finish line.



Ten of Wands:
Burden, responsibility. A figure carrying ten wands, indicating burdens, stress, and hard work.

UPRIGHT: Burden, extra responsibility, hard work, completion
REVERSED: Doing it all, carrying the burden, delegation, release

The Ten of Wands shows a man carrying a large bundle of sticks towards a small town only a short distance away. His back is bent and he appears to be weighed down by the heavy load he is carrying, but he knows he is almost at his destination and will soon be able to release the heavy weight he is bearing.


Page of Wands: 
Exploration, enthusiasm. A young figure holding a wand, signifying a fresh approach or beginning in creativity.

UPRIGHT: Inspiration, ideas, discovery, limitless potential, free spirit
REVERSED: Newly-formed ideas, redirecting energy, self-limiting beliefs, a spiritual path

The Page of Wands shows a young man holding a long staff in both hands as he looks inquisitively at the green leaves sprouting from the top. His tunic is emblazoned with salamanders, a mythical creature associated with fire and transformation. The Page stands still, with his staff firmly planted on the ground, suggesting that while he is inspired by the potential growth represented by the sprouting staff, he has not yet taken action on this inspiration.
In the background, the landscape is barren and mountainous, implying that this Page has the gift of being able to find growth and potential in the most unlikely places. He is so energised by his ideas that he can make anything happen and isn’t limited by his circumstances.




Knight of Wands: 
Adventure, impulsiveness. A knight on a horse with a wand, representing action, passion, and pursuit of goals.

UPRIGHT: Energy, passion, inspired action, adventure, impulsiveness
REVERSED: Passion project, haste, scattered energy, delays, frustration

The Knight of Wands sits on his horse in full armour, wearing a yellow robe decorated with salamanders (associated with the element of fire), and a helmet with fiery red plumes flowing behind him. He holds a sprouting wand in his right hand, which symbolises his energy and enthusiasm for his mission. His horse rises up on its hind legs, poised and ready for action. Like all the Wands Court Cards, the background is hot, dry and barren, with mountains soaring in the distance.


Queen of Wands: 
Confidence, independence. A queen with a wand and sunflower, symbolizing warmth, vibrancy, and determination.

UPRIGHT: Courage, confidence, independence, social butterfly, determination
REVERSED: Self-respect, self-confidence, introverted, re-establish sense of self

The Queen of Wands sits upon a throne decorated with lions facing opposing directions, a symbol of fire and strength. In her left hand, on her crown and behind her are sunflowers, symbolising life, fertility, joy and satisfaction, and her right hand holds a wand with one small sprout springing to life. A black cat sits at her feet, a sign that while this Queen is bold and outgoing she is also in touch with her shadow self – the darker, lesser-known side of her being.



King of Wands:
Leadership, vision. A king holding a wand, representing authority, entrepreneurship, and bold decision-making.

UPRIGHT: Natural-born leader, vision, entrepreneur, honour
REVERSED: Impulsiveness, haste, ruthless, high expectations

The King of Wands sits on his throne, holding a blossoming wand in his hand, a symbol of life and creativity. His throne and cape are decorated with lions and salamanders, both symbols of fire and strength. The salamanders biting their own tails represent infinity and the ongoing drive to move forward against all obstacles.


Cups
The Suit of Cups Tarot cards deal with the emotional level of consciousness and are associated with love, feelings, relationships and connections.
The Suit of Cups is associated with the element of water. Water is fluid, agile and ‘in flow' but it's also very powerful and formative. It can be soft and gentle, like waves lapping against the sandy shore, or it can be powerful and even forceful, like a raging river.
The element of water is symbolic of fluidity, feelings and emotions, intuition, relationships, healing, and cleansing. It is a feminine element and reflects the subtle power that often resides within women. It is receptive, adaptable, purifying and flowing.

Ace of Cups: 
New emotions, relationships. A cup overflowing with water, indicating emotional fulfillment and new beginnings in love.

UPRIGHT: Love, new relationships, compassion, creativity.
REVERSED: Self-love, intuition, repressed emotions.

The Ace of Cups shows a chalice overflowing with five streams of water. The cup represents the vessel of your subconscious mind; the five streams are your five senses and the abundant emotion and intuition flowing from within you. The hand holding the cup is sliding out of the clouds, a symbol of your awareness of spiritual energy and influence. Below the hand is a vast sea covered with lotus blossoms, signifying the awakening of the human spirit. A dove descends towards the cup – a symbol of Divine love flowing through the subconscious mind to conscious awareness.


Two of Cups: 
Partnership, unity. Two figures exchanging cups, symbolizing love, connection, or agreements.

UPRIGHT: Unified love, partnership, mutual attraction
REVERSED: Self-love, break-ups, disharmony, distrust.

The Two of Cups shows a young man and woman, exchanging cups and pledging their love for one another. Above them floats the Caduceus of Hermes – a winged staff with two snakes wrapped around it – the ancient symbol of commerce, trade, and exchange. At the top of the caduceus is a lion’s head, signifying passion and fire energy and suggesting that there may be a lot of fiery, sexual energy between these two people.


Three of Cups: 
Celebration, friendship. Three figures raising cups, representing friendship, community, and joyous gatherings.

UPRIGHT: Celebration, friendship, creativity, collaborations.
REVERSED: Independence, alone time, hardcore partying, ‘three’s a crowd’.

In the Three of Cups, three young women are dancing with each other in a circle, raising their cups high in the air in a toast of joy and celebration. They look to one another with appreciation, honour and respect, and are bound by their emotional connection and friendship. There is a sense of lifting each other up and celebrating each woman’s unique contribution to the group. The ground is layered with flowers, fruit and a pumpkin, symbolising the celebration of an abundant harvest and the goodness in life.




Four of Cups: 
Contemplation, apathy. A figure under a tree, ignoring three cups and a fourth offered by a hand, suggesting introspection or dissatisfaction.

UPRIGHT: Meditation, contemplation, apathy, reevaluation.
REVERSED: Retreat, withdrawal, checking in for alignment.

The Four of Cups shows a young man sitting under a tree with his arms crossed, deep in contemplation and meditation. He is so engrossed in his thoughts that he does not seem to notice the outstretched arm offering him a cup. A further three cups stand at his feet, but again, he doesn’t seem to notice or care about these new opportunities either.


Five of Cups: 
Loss, regret. A figure mourns over spilled cups while two remain, indicating focus on loss rather than remaining opportunities.

UPRIGHT: Regret, failure, disappointment, pessimism.
REVERSED: Personal setbacks, self-forgiveness, moving on.

The Five of Cups shows a man in a long black cloak looking down on three cups that have been knocked over – symbolic of his disappointments and failures. Behind him stand two cups representing new opportunities and potential, but because he is so fixed on his losses (the over-turned cups), he misses the opportunities available to him.
In the background, a bridge crosses a large, flowing river and leads to the security of the castle or home on the opposite side of the riverbank – if only he can move on from the over-turned cups. The bridge is a message to 'find a way through'.


Six of Cups: 
Nostalgia, childhood. Two children exchange cups filled with flowers, representing memories, comfort, and revisiting the past.

UPRIGHT: Revisiting the past, childhood memories, innocence, joy.
REVERSED: Living in the past, forgiveness, lacking playfulness.

In the Six of Cups, a young boy leans down and passes a cup filled with flowers to a younger girl. The girl looks up to the boy with love and respect as he offers the flowers to her. Love, harmony and co-operation – all key elements of the Six of Cups – shine through this gentle act. The young children also represent childhood memories
In the background, an older man walks away in the distance, as if to say you no longer need to worry about adult issues; just enjoy the moment of being young, innocent and free again. The children also appear to be standing in the courtyard of a large home, symbolising comfort, safety and security. In the foreground stand four more cups filled with flowers, and a fifth cup sits on a pedestal behind the boy.



Seven of Cups: 
Choices, illusion. Seven cups filled with different symbols, indicating options, daydreams, or unrealistic aspirations.

UPRIGHT: Opportunities, choices, wishful thinking, illusion.
REVERSED: Alignment, personal values, overwhelmed by choices.

In the Seven of Cups, a man stands before seven cups filled with various gifts. Some cups bear desirable gifts such as jewels and a wreath of victory. But others hold gifts that are not gifts at all; instead, they are curses, such as the snake or dragon. The clouds and the cups symbolise the man’s wishes and dreams, and the different gifts inside suggest that you need to be careful what you wish for as not everything is as it seems. Choices need to be made, but in doing so, you must go beyond illusion and allure, and instead focus on what’s right for you.


Eight of Cups: 
Abandonment, quest. A figure walking away from eight cups, suggesting leaving something behind to seek deeper fulfillment.

UPRIGHT: Disappointment, abandonment, withdrawal, escapism.
REVERSED: Trying one more time, indecision, aimless drifting, walking away.

In the Eight of Cups, a man walks away from the eight cups standing in the foreground. The cups are arranged in such a way that it looks like one is missing, a sign that emotional fulfilment and wholeness is lacking. The man has turned his back on these cups with a sense of loss and disappointment and shuffles away into the mountains. A nearby river symbolises his emotions, and the mountains represent the awareness that this will not be an easy journey (though it will be necessary for true long-term happiness). The moon in the night’s sky illuminates the path ahead – the man is leaving in the dead of night hoping to go unnoticed, suggesting that there may be a level of escape or avoidance in this card.


Nine of Cups: 
Contentment, satisfaction. A figure sits with nine cups arranged behind, symbolizing emotional contentment, wishes fulfilled.

UPRIGHT: Contentment, satisfaction, gratitude, wish come true.
REVERSED: Inner happiness, materialism, dissatisfaction, indulgence.

In the Nine of Cups, a man sits on a wooden bench. He is comfortable, but not too comfortable (you wouldn’t want to sit on that wooden bench all day!). His arms are crossed, and he has a smile on his face, expressing contentment and satisfaction. Behind him is a curved structure draped in blue material, with nine golden cups arranged in an arch. The cups represent emotional fulfilment after you carry out your deepest desires.


Ten of Cups: 
Harmony, happiness. A family under a rainbow of cups, indicating ultimate happiness, love, and fulfillment.

UPRIGHT: Divine love, blissful relationships, harmony, alignment.
REVERSED: Disconnection, misaligned values, struggling relationships.

On the Ten of Cups, a loving couple stands together, arms outstretched, as their two children play nearby. They look towards their home on the hill and a beautiful rainbow in the sky filled with ten cups. These two have true, everlasting love and have everything they could ever wish for – the home, the kids, and most importantly, fulfilling love – and they share this bond with the people around them.
The family home symbolises stability and comfort, while the grassy hills signify fertility and the river marks the flow of emotion. The rainbow signals the end of difficult times and is a sign from the Divine that everything will be okay. The idyllic scene is one of true emotional fulfilment and Divine love.


Page of Cups: 
Creativity, surprise. A young figure holds a cup with a fish, symbolizing curiosity, imagination, and a message.

UPRIGHT: Creative opportunities, intuitive messages, curiosity, possibility.
REVERSED: New ideas, doubting intuition, creative blocks, emotional immaturity.

The Page of Cups wears a blue tunic with a floral print and a beret on his head with a long, flowing scarf. He stands on the shore, with the wavy sea behind him, holding a cup in his right hand. Surprisingly, a fish pops its head out of the cup and looks at the young man. The fish and the sea behind him represent the element of water and all things to do with creativity, intuition, feelings and emotions. The unexpected appearance of the fish signifies that creative inspiration often comes out of the blue and only when you are open to it.


Knight of Cups: 
Romance, idealism. A knight on horseback with a cup, representing a quest for love, beauty, and idealistic pursuits.

UPRIGHT: Creativity, romance, charm, imagination, beauty.
REVERSED: Overactive imagination, unrealistic, jealous, moody.

In the Knight of Cups, a knight rides on a white horse and holds out a golden cup as if he bears a message from the heart. Over his armour, the knight wears a cloak covered with images of fish, the symbol of water, consciousness and creativity. His helmet and boots are winged, a symbol of an active and creative imagination and an appreciation for beautiful things.
Unlike the Knight of Wands or the Knight of Swords, the horse in the Knight of Cups is not charging forward but instead moves slowly and gracefully, giving an air of calmness and peace. The horse represents power, energy and drive and the colour white is a symbol of purity, spirituality and light.
The background is mostly barren, except for some trees far away and the river that flows through, symbolising the power of the emotions and imagination to create a new life force, even where it may seem that there is none.


Queen of Cups: 
Compassion and intuition. A queen with a covered cup symbolizes deep emotional understanding.

UPRIGHT: Compassionate, caring, emotionally stable, intuitive, in flow.
REVERSED: Inner feelings, self-care, self-love, co-dependency.

The Queen of Cups is a beautiful, introspective woman who sits on a throne at the edge of the sea. In her hands, she holds a golden, cup adorned with handles shaped like angels. Unlike most of the cups in the Suit of Cups cards, this cup is closed – showing that the Queen’s thoughts and feelings come from her subconscious mind and the depths of her soul.
She sits upon a stone throne decorated with images of sea-nymphs, fish, and scallop shells. The sea and fish are symbols of the unconscious mind, and water represents emotion, spirit and perception. A cloudless, bright-blue sky and placid water of the sea surround her. Her feet do not touch the water; they rest on colourful pebbles on the shore. It is as if she is connected to her emotions (as represented by the water), but not overwhelmed by them.


King of Cups: 
Emotional balance and control. A king holding a cup represents wisdom, calmness, and control over emotions.

UPRIGHT: Emotionally balanced, compassionate, diplomatic.
REVERSED: Self-compassion, inner feelings, moodiness, emotionally manipulative.

The King of Cups sits on a large stone throne and wears a blue tunic and a gold cape – a symbol of his authority and status. A small fish amulet hangs around his neck symbolising his creativity. In his right hand, he holds a cup representing the emotions, and his left has a sceptre, showing power and control. Unlike the other Cups court cards, he doesn’t look at his cup and seems to be focused elsewhere; perhaps he has already mastered his emotional self and doesn’t need to concentrate as hard on this facet of himself.
The King of Cups appears to be floating on a granite block in the middle of a turbulent sea. Behind him on his right, a fish jumps out of the ocean, while on the left, a ship sails steadily despite the waves. These images show that this King stays calm and balanced, even in turbulent conditions, and has learned how to stay open to his emotions and unconscious impulses, without being overwhelmed by them. He keeps power and control while balancing his feelings.


Swords
The Suit of Swords Tarot cards deal with the mental level of consciousness that is centered around the mind and the intellect. Swords mirror the quality of mind present in your thoughts, attitudes, and beliefs.
Swords are often double-edged and in this way the Suit of Swords symbolises the fine balance between intellect and power and how these two elements can be used for good or evil. As such, the Swords must be balanced by spirit (Wands) and feeling (Cups) to have the most positive effect.
The Suit of Swords is associated with the element of Air. Air is intangible and unseen, but also in constant movement. Air can be still and mostly unnoticed, to becoming a breeze or a fierce wind. It is powerful yet refreshing and cleansing. Symbolically, the air element relates to knowledge, action, power, and change. It is a masculine energy that can lead by force and power, even though it remains unseen.

Ace of Swords: 
New ideas and clarity. A sword held aloft symbolizes mental clarity and decisive action.

UPRIGHT: Breakthroughs, new ideas, mental clarity, success
REVERSED: Inner clarity, re-thinking an idea, clouded judgement

The Ace of Swords shows a gleaming hand appearing from a white cloud, a representation of the Divine. It holds an upright sword, symbolic of the mind and the intellect, and at the tip of the sword sits a crown draped with a wreath, a sign of success and victory. While this Ace is a sign of triumph, the jagged mountains in the background suggest that the road ahead will be challenging. You will need mental resilience to navigate this path.


Two of Swords: 
Indecision and balance. A blindfolded figure holding two swords represents a difficult choice.

UPRIGHT: Difficult decisions, weighing up options, an impasse, avoidance
REVERSED: Indecision, confusion, information overload, stalemate

The Two of Swords shows a blindfolded woman, dressed in a white robe, holding two crossed swords. The blindfold over her eyes tell us that the woman is confused about her plight and that she can see neither the problem nor the solution clearly. She may also be missing relevant information that would make her decision much clearer if she were to obtain it. The swords she holds are in perfect balance, suggesting that she is weighing her thoughts and addressing both sides of the situation to find the best resolution.
Behind the woman is a body of water dotted with rocky islands. The water represents the emotions and, while the Suit of Swords traditionally associates with the mind and intellect, its presence shows that the woman must use both her head and her heart to weigh her options. The islands represent obstacles in her path and suggest that her decision is not as clear-cut as it seems. She will have to consider the situation as a whole. The crescent moon to her right is a sign that this woman needs to trust her intuition as she makes her choice.




Three of Swords: 
Heartbreak and sorrow. Three swords pierce a heart, indicating pain and emotional wounds.

UPRIGHT: Heartbreak, emotional pain, sorrow, grief, hurt
REVERSED: Negative self-talk, releasing pain, optimism, forgiveness

The Three of Swords shows a heart pierced by three swords, representing the pain inflicted by words, actions and intent on the emotional and physical self. The dark clouds gathering in the background mirror this pain but offer the hope that, just as the storm clouds will disappear, so too will the pain and hurt you are experiencing.


Four of Swords: 
Rest and recovery. A figure lies on a tomb, symbolizing the need for rest and contemplation.

UPRIGHT: Rest, relaxation, meditation, contemplation, recuperation
REVERSED: Exhaustion, burn-out, deep contemplation, stagnation

The Four of Swords shows a knight lying horizontally on a tomb. He remains in his full armour, and his hands are in the position of prayer as a sign of rest. One sword lies beneath the knight, symbolising a single point of focus, and three swords hang above him, pointing downwards towards his head and torso. The stained-glass window above him shows a woman and child together.


Five of Swords: 
Conflict and betrayal. A figure holds swords while others walk away, suggesting defeat or deceit.


UPRIGHT: Conflict, disagreements, competition, defeat, winning at all costs
REVERSED: Reconciliation, making amends, past resentment

In the Five of Swords, a sly-looking man picks up three swords from the ground. He glances over his shoulder at two men who are walking away with their shoulders slouched, conveying a sense of sadness and loss. Two more swords are strewn across the grass, suggesting a battle has been fought and lost. The sky is cloudy and tumultuous, a sign that not all is well even though the fighting has stopped.


Six of Swords: 
Transition and moving on. A figure ferries others across water, symbolizing a journey or escape.

UPRIGHT: Transition, change, rite of passage, releasing baggage.
REVERSED: Personal transition, resistance to change, unfinished business

The Six of Swords shows a woman and a young child being rowed across a body of water towards a nearby land. Her head is covered, suggesting sadness or loss as she moves away from something in her past. Her child nestles in close to her body, looking for safety and comfort as they make this journey together. In the boat stand six swords, suggesting that the woman and child are still carrying memories or baggage from their past into their future.
While the water on the right of the boat is turbulent, the sea ahead is tranquil. This imagery suggests that they are leaving behind a tumultuous situation, bound for a more peaceful and supportive environment.




Seven of Swords: 
Deception and stealth. A figure sneaks away with five swords, indicating trickery or strategy.

UPRIGHT: Betrayal, deception, getting away with something, acting strategically
REVERSED: Imposter syndrome, self-deceit, keeping secrets

The Seven of Swords shows a man sneaking away from a military camp with five swords in his arms. He looks over his shoulder at the two upright swords he has left behind. The smile on his face suggests that he is proud of himself for having slipped away without being noticed.



Eight of Swords: 
Restriction and helplessness. A blindfolded figure bound with swords around them signifies feeling trapped.

UPRIGHT: Negative thoughts, self-imposed restriction, imprisonment, victim mentality
REVERSED: Self-limiting beliefs, inner critic, releasing negative thoughts, open to new perspectives

The Eight of Swords shows a woman bound and blindfolded. Eight swords surround her, seemingly trapping her in place, a symbol of the limiting thoughts, beliefs and mindset that prevent her from moving forward in her life. However, look closer: if the woman removed her blindfold, she would quickly realise that she can escape her predicament by letting go of her limiting beliefs and establishing a new, more empowered mindset. The water pooled at her feet suggests that her intuition might see what her eyes cannot.


Nine of Swords: 
Anxiety and despair. A figure sits up in bed with swords on the wall, symbolizing nightmares and fears.

UPRIGHT: Anxiety, worry, fear, depression, nightmares
REVERSED: Inner turmoil, deep-seated fears, secrets, releasing worry

The Nine of Swords shows a woman sitting up in her bed with her head in her hands. She appears to have been jolted awake from a terrible nightmare that has left her disturbed, scared and anxious. Nine swords hang on the dark wall behind her, representing the negative thoughts that weigh heavily on her mind. The base of the woman’s bed features a carving of one person defeating another, and roses and the outlines of astrological symbols adorn the quilt wrapped around her.


Ten of Swords: 
Defeat and endings. A figure lies with ten swords in their back, indicating the end of a painful situation.

UPRIGHT: Painful endings, deep wounds, betrayal, loss, crisis
REVERSED: Recovery, regeneration, resisting an inevitable end

The Ten of Swords shows a man lying face down, apparently dead, with ten swords in his back. A red cape drapes over the lower half of his body as a sign of dignity as he leaves this world. While the dark sky is ominous, the sun is rising on the horizon, bringing a renewed sense of hope and opportunity. The calm sea in the background also brings solace, suggesting that even in times of darkness, there is a sense of peace and calm to be found.




Page of Swords: 
Curiosity and vigilance. A young figure with a sword represents a quest for truth or a new idea.

UPRIGHT: New ideas, curiosity, thirst for knowledge, new ways of communicating
REVERSED: Self-expression, all talk and no action, haphazard action, haste

The Page of Swords shows a young man standing with his sword pointing upwards to the sky. His body and the sword lean in one direction, but he looks the other way as if to see what else is happening around him. A breeze blows through the young man’s hair, and the clouds behind him appear to dash through the sky, bringing dynamic energy to the card. The ground on which the Page stands is green and fertile, suggesting that the Page’s ideas are likely to bring positive change and forward movement.


Knight of Swords: 
Ambition and speed. A knight charging forward with a sword symbolizes swift action and determination.

UPRIGHT: Ambitious, action-oriented, driven to succeed, fast-thinking
REVERSED: Restless, unfocused, impulsive, burn-out

The Knight of Swords shows a knight dressed in armour, charging ahead with great energy on his powerful white horse. The knight’s sword is held high, a symbol of his dedication to his purpose and mission. The white horse symbolises the purity of the intellectual energy that motivates the knight. In the background, storm clouds are beginning to form, and the trees bend in the strong winds. The wind doesn’t stop the knight, however; he heads directly into it, eager to complete his mission.


Queen of Swords: 
Intelligence and independence. A queen with a sword represents clear thinking, wisdom, and objectivity.

UPRIGHT: Independent, unbiased judgement, clear boundaries, direct communication
REVERSED: Overly-emotional, easily influenced, bitchy, cold-hearted

The Queen of Swords sits on a stone throne decorated with a cherub, representing the Queen’s softer side, and butterflies representing transformation. She faces towards the future, with her left hand raised as if to receive, and in her right hand, she holds a sword up high and straight, representing her desire to find the truth in all matters. As with the earlier Swords Court cards, clouds accumulate in the sky and a strong wind that passes through the trees, symbolising the ongoing nature of change.


King of Swords: 
Authority and clarity. A king holding a sword represents intellectual power and fair judgment.

UPRIGHT: Mental clarity, intellectual power, authority, truth
REVERSED: Quiet power, inner truth, misuse of power, manipulation

The King of Swords sits upon his throne, facing forward as if ready to confront whatever life throws at him. He holds a sword in his right hand, the hand of the conscious, rational mind, and points it upright and to the left, the side of the subconscious, intuitive mind. This symbolises the King’s decisiveness, but also flexibility in all matters; while he makes decisions based mostly on his intellectual understanding, he stays open to his intuition. The King wears a blue tunic, symbolic of a desire for spiritual knowledge, and a purple cape, symbolic of his compassion and intellect. The back of his throne is decorated with butterflies (transformation), crescent moons and an angel just near his left ear, positioned as if to give him subtle guidance.
The trees behind him stand still, and the clouds have settled. The wind from the previous Swords court cards has died down, giving the impression of stability and clarity rather than the confusion of sweeping change.


Pentacles
The Suit of Pentacles Tarot cards deal with the physical or external level of consciousness and thus mirror the outer situations of your health, finances, work, and creativity. They have to do with what we make of our outer surroundings – how we create it, shape it, transform it and grow it. On a more esoteric level, Pentacles are associated with the ego, self-esteem and self-image.
The Suit of Pentacles is associated with the element of Earth. Earth is tactile, earthy and tangible. It creates the foundation from which the planet can grow and develop, and it supports and nurtures the plants and trees. Earth is grounded, stable, supportive and fertile. It is a feminine element that is receptive – it takes in nutrients and sunrays and then uses this energy to sustain the life that grows out of it.

Ace of Pentacles: 
New opportunities and prosperity. A hand holds a pentacle, representing potential wealth and stability.

UPRIGHT: A new financial or career opportunity, manifestation, abundance
REVERSED: Lost opportunity, lack of planning and foresight

The Ace of Pentacles depicts a hand emerging from the clouds, much like the Aces of the other suits. A large coin sits in the cupped palm, freely available to whoever has the wherewithal to take it. It is as if a new opportunity, associated with wealth, business, and manifestation, has appeared out of nowhere and is now being extended to you in all its glory. The impetus is now on you to accept this offer and turn it into something meaningful and sustainable.
The landscape in this card is lush and abounding: a garden brimming with green grass and white lilies. A small path leads to an archway, wrapped in beautiful foliage and flowers and, beyond the arch, mountain peaks soar in the horizon. This verdant imagery signals that the time is ripe to move forward with your career and financial ambitions. While it will require hard work and determination (scaling mountains is no easy task), the Ace of Pentacles encourages you to make the most of this opportunity while it’s in its most abundant state.


Two of Pentacles: 
Balance and adaptability. A figure juggles two pentacles, indicating the need for balance and flexibility.

UPRIGHT: Multiple priorities, time management, prioritisation, adaptability.
REVERSED: Over-committed, disorganisation, reprioritisation.

In the Two of Pentacles, a young man dances while juggling two coins in his hands. The infinity symbol links the coins, suggesting that this man can handle unlimited problems so long as he manages his time, energy and resources well. In the background, two ships sail the high seas, bobbing up and down on the huge waves – another sign that the ups and downs of life are manageable with focus and attention.


Three of Pentacles: 
Teamwork and collaboration. Three figures discuss a project, symbolizing cooperation and skill development.

UPRIGHT: Teamwork, collaboration, learning, implementation.
REVERSED: Disharmony, misalignment, working alone.

The Three of Pentacles shows a young stonemason working with his tools on a portion of a cathedral. In front of him two architects hold the plans for the design. The soaring ceilings and intricate engravings signify that both parties are skilled in their respective crafts. The stonemason appears to be discussing his progress so far with the architects, and even though he is less experienced, they value his opinion and specialist knowledge. Their body language insinuates that this young man is an essential contributor to the cathedral’s completion and the architects want to make sure that everyone is on the same page.


Four of Pentacles (4): 
Represents control, stability, and possessiveness over resources. A figure clutches four pentacles, showing a reluctance to share or invest. Warns against greed and encourages finding balance between security and generosity.

UPRIGHT: Saving money, security, conservatism, scarcity, control.
REVERSED: Over-spending, greed, self-protection.

The Four of Pentacles shows a man sitting on a stool, beyond the boundaries of his hometown. His arms are wrapped tightly around a coin as if he fears he may lose it if he loosens his grip. He balances another pentacle on his head, impeding his connection with spirit, and two more sit securely underneath his feet. He clearly doesn’t want anyone to take his coins. However, because he is so attached to his money, he can’t move or go anywhere. He has no one to speak to, not even the friends and family members in the community behind him. The man finds himself stuck in one place with a singular fixation: wealth.



Five of Pentacles (5): 
Reflects hardship, poverty, and a sense of exclusion. Two figures walk through snow outside a lit church, symbolizing both struggle and hope. Highlights the need to seek support and resilience during tough times.

UPRIGHT: Financial loss, poverty, lack mindset, isolation, worry.
REVERSED: Recovery from financial loss, spiritual poverty.

In the Five of Pentacles, two people walk through the icy wind and snow; both are destitute and living in poverty. One man is injured and on crutches, while the other is barefoot and has only a thin blanket to protect him from the bleak winter weather. Behind them sits a church with its lit up and exuding warmth, a symbol of hope, faith and spiritual support. However, because the two people are so focused on their plight, they fail to see that help is available to them and continue on in their desperate journey.


Six of Pentacles (6): 
Represents generosity, charity, and balance in giving and receiving. A wealthy figure distributes coins to two beggars, illustrating fairness and the flow of wealth. Suggests a balanced approach to wealth and support for others.

UPRIGHT: Giving, receiving, sharing wealth, generosity, charity.
REVERSED: Self-care, unpaid debts, one-sided charity.

The Six of Pentacles shows a wealthy man dressed in a red robe, handing out coins to two beggars who kneel at his feet. In his left hand, he holds a balanced scale, representing fairness and equality. This card reflects a state of financial security and generosity, suggesting that you can generously use your wealth and abundance for the benefit of others. But it also speaks to receiving generosity and the feeling of relief that accompanies much-needed assistance. The Six of Pentacles is a card of giving and receiving. Sometimes, you are on the giving end; other times, you are on the receiving end. It’s an ongoing cycle of life, and this card serves as a reminder that the balance can change at any time. Even if you are surrounded by wealth, there will be times when you need the help and support of others, so be generous with your resources, as you may need the support in the future.


Seven of Pentacles (7): 
Symbolizes assessment, patience, and perseverance. A farmer leans on a hoe, contemplating his crop, representing the need to evaluate progress and invest in long-term growth. Encourages careful planning and reflection.

UPRIGHT: Long-term view, sustainable results, perseverance, investment.
REVERSED: Lack of long-term vision, limited success or reward.

In the Seven of Pentacles, a man leans on his hoe, gazing down at his abundant crop. He has worked long and hard to nurture tiny seeds into this thriving garden and can now take a break to enjoy the fruits of his labour. Note the expression in his face, however: he also looks fatigued – even a little ‘over it’ – from having worked so hard for this successful harvest. Success comes from hard work and patience, but this card reminds you to take care not to overdo it and exhaust yourself.


Eight of Pentacles (8): 
Emphasizes diligence, craftsmanship, and skill development. A craftsman diligently carves pentacles, signifying dedication to honing skills and working hard towards mastery. Focuses on the value of hard work and attention to detail.

UPRIGHT: Apprenticeship, repetitive tasks, mastery, skill development.
REVERSED: Self-development, perfectionism, misdirected activity.

The Eight of Pentacles shows a young man labouring over eight coins, carefully etching out a pentacle shape into each coin. In the background, there is a small town, however he has separated himself from the distractions of home life so that he can fully dedicate himself to the task at hand. He is concentrating very hard, eager to do a good job and avoid any mistakes. As he creates each coin, his skills improve and he becomes a master at his craft.


Nine of Pentacles (9): Represents independence, self-sufficiency, and financial stability. A woman stands in a vineyard with a falcon, signifying luxury and accomplishment. Encourages enjoying the fruits of labor and self-reliance.

UPRIGHT: Abundance, luxury, self-sufficiency, financial independence.
REVERSED: Self-worth, over-investment in work, hustling.

The Nine of Pentacles shows a well-dressed woman standing in a beautiful garden. She wears a flowing, golden robe and a red beret, signs of her wealth and social status. The vines behind her are heavy with grapes and golden coins, representing the fruitful accomplishment of all her desires. Her right hand rests upon one of the many coins, and her fingers wrap around the purple grapes on the vine, symbolising her healthy relationship with money. She can enjoy the fruits of her labours without overdoing it. A hooded falcon sits calmly on her left hand, signifying the woman’s intellectual and spiritual self-control. Far in the background is a large house, presumably belonging to the woman herself, a further signal of her abounding wealth and financial plenty.


Ten of Pentacles (10): 
Symbolizes legacy, inheritance, and family wealth. Depicts a multigenerational scene with symbols of prosperity, highlighting the importance of family, tradition, and long-term security. Suggests thinking about future generations and continuity.

UPRIGHT: Wealth, financial security, family, long-term success, contribution.
REVERSED: The dark side of wealth, financial failure or loss.

The Ten of Pentacles shows an old, white-haired man wearing an ornately embroidered robe, sitting with his two loyal white dogs at his feet. A younger couple stands nearby with a small child. The man is a wealthy patriarch who has achieved a great deal during his life and is immensely gratified that he can now share his wealth and abundance with his loved ones. His successes and accomplishments are now providing financial security and certainty to his family. He can already see the legacy he has created.
The man and his family gather in the courtyard of a large castle, marking their prosperity, comfort and financial security. On the archway are family emblems and flags, a symbol of their history and ancestry. Their wealth goes way beyond material comfort; the man and his family have a deeply rooted connection to their lineage, home and community.


Page of Pentacles (11): 
Represents ambition, diligence, and new opportunities. A young figure contemplates a pentacle, symbolizing a focus on goals and practical learning. Encourages education and seizing new chances for growth.

UPRIGHT: Manifestation, financial opportunity, skill development.
REVERSED: Lack of progress, procrastination, learn from failure.

The Page of Pentacles depicts a young man standing in a grassy field of blooming flowers. In the distance behind him is a small patch of trees and a newly ploughed field, promising an abundant harvest. The mountain range in the horizon signifies the upcoming challenges and obstacles the Page must surmount along his journey. The Page holds a gold coin in his hand and examines it carefully, as if to discover how to manifest even more gold and abundance.


Knight of Pentacles (12): 
Signifies reliability, patience, and commitment to hard work. A knight on a stationary horse holds a pentacle, representing a cautious but determined approach to achieving goals. Focuses on persistence and steady progress.

UPRIGHT: Hard work, productivity, routine, conservatism.
REVERSED: Self-discipline, boredom, feeling ‘stuck’, perfectionism.

The Knight of Pentacles sits on a stationary draught horse, carefully looking at the gold coin held in his hand. He is in no hurry, preferring to assess and plan his path ahead before taking action. In the background, there is a broad field that has been laboriously ploughed row by row, symbolising that this Knight is ready and willing to do the work to realise his dreams, even if it is repetitive and dull.


Queen of Pentacles (13): 
Embodies nurturing, practicality, and abundance. A queen sits with a pentacle in a lush setting, symbolizing a balance of material success and caring for others. Emphasizes creating a secure and loving environment.

UPRIGHT: Nurturing, practical, providing financially, a working parent.
REVERSED: Financial independence, self-care, work-home conflict.

In the Queen of Pentacles, a woman sits on a stone throne decorated with carvings of fruit trees, goats, angels and other symbols of material success and sensual pleasure. She cradles a gold coin with both hands and looks down on it with loving care, as if to nurture this symbol of wealth and material success. Luscious plants and flowers surround her, representing her connection to Mother Earth, nature, and abundance. A small rabbit jumps near to where she is seated, symbolising fertility and suggesting that her life is in flow and alignment.


King of Pentacles (14): 
Represents wealth, stability, and leadership in material matters. A king sits on a throne adorned with vines and bulls, signifying authority and prosperity. Focuses on wise management of resources and achieving financial security.

UPRIGHT: Wealth, business, leadership, security, discipline, abundance.
REVERSED: Financially inept, obsessed with wealth and status, stubborn.

The King of Pentacles sits on a throne embellished with carvings of bulls, representing his connection to the astrological sign of Taurus, and grapes and vines adorn his robe, symbolising wealth and abundance. In his right hand, he holds the sceptre of his power, and in his left, he holds a golden coin, symbolic of his material influence. This King has an innate ability to create material wealth and financial abundance – and better yet, he can sustain his wealth over time through self-discipline, control and leadership.
At his feet and around his throne are more vines, flowers and plants, representing the highest attainment of material success. His castle sits behind him, a symbol of all he has built through his efforts and determination. This King is therefore very serious about financial security and has made the accumulation of wealth his focus in life. He is proud of his achievements and likes to show others his prized possessions and wealth.



Website
E-mail
Phone
www.pixiesmith.com
hello@dragonflower.com
+123-456-7890
